Malabar Connections

Visits of Sravanabelagola Gomateswara Statue- Silk worm centers & farm- Mulberry Farm - Mudumali wild life sanctuary -Visit Coorg ( Mercara or Madikeri ) Kushalanagar is one of the largest Tibetan settlements in south India -Thalaseery Ayesha Manzil Homestay-Spend time with your hostess Faiza is internationally renowned for her traditional style cuisine that has been handed down through family generations -'Thayum' at Parassinikadavu temple watch the closing evening rituals where the dramatic and colourful dance form "Theyyam" is performed in its natural surroundings.


DETAILED DESCRIPTION 
ACCOMMODATION AND MEALS - Accommodation 01 Night Bangalore City hotel / 01 Night Village style Resort in Hassan/ 02 Nights - In Mysore Heritage Hotel or Palace / 01 Night Wild life Resort in Mudumali /01 Night Bugalow or Cottage in Coorg / 02 Nights in Homestay Thallassery /02 Nights Heritage Hotel in Cochin/01 Night Stay in Malabar House Boat/02 Nights in Backwater Resort.All accommodations are Room + Breakfast basis Except Wild Life Resort-Homestay and Malabar House Boat which on full board (all meals included) basis.

TRANSPORT
Your Personal chauffeur with an air-Conditioned Transport -having sufficient space for luggage accompanies the full tour.

OUR TEAM
Representative On arrival and Departures / Uniformed chauffeur and air conditioned vehicle accompanies the full tour .Providing all respective transfers and Sightseeing with Local guides and Entrance including National parks.

Transport having sufficient space for luggage, Fuel, Insurance, Toll Taxes.

All State Taxes, Parking and all transport related expense including Driver Services.

all accommodations are Room + Breakfast basis Except Wild Life Resort-Homestay and House Boat which on full board (all meals included) basis.

Arrival /Departure transfers and all respective sight seeing of cities mention in the Tour Entrance and Local Guide fees on Monuments

Kathakali dance perfomance in a theatre.

Private Boat for Sunset Cruise at Cochin


PLACES VISITED 
Bangalore -remains one of India's most attractive cities /Hassan -hoysala village /Mysore -once the residence of the Wodeyars one of the largest of its kind in India /Mudumali wild life sanctuary -Consisting of tropical deciduous forest /Mercara -is often known as the Scotland of India /Dubare forest famous for its elephant training camp /Thalasserry -which has a unique place in Kerala's history and has an equally interesting evolution of culture, religion and tradition /Cochin -the principal port and centre of the spice trade on the Malabar coast /Malabar House Boats /Kumarakom -an unbelievably beautiful paradise .

DEPARTURE DATES 
Dates are flexible and customizable for private departures.

DETAILED ITINERARY 
Day 1

Day1 : Arrival Bangalore Transfer and check into Hotel - Sightseeing of Bangalore with Guide .Overnight at Hotel.
You will be met on arrival by our airport representative where a special welcome awaits !!!!!!!!!!! transfer to the Hotel by air-conditioned vehicle.

Later you will tour the city- though a modern, important commercial centre, Bangalore remains one of India's most attractive cities. Around the centre of the city you will find parks and gardens, wide tree lined avenues, imposing buildings and lively bazars.
You will be visiting Tipu Sultan's summer palace and the nearby bull Temple which is one of the oldest temples in Bangalore and the Lalbagh Botanical gardens by Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan (Tippus Summer palace Opens from 0930 Hours to 1700Hours -Closed on Fridays- Botanical Gardens Opens from 0930 Hours to 1700 Hours)Overnight at Hotel.

Day 2:Transfer Bangalore -Hassan .Later visit Belur & Helebid with Guide.Dinner and overnight at hotel.

Today after breakfast drive to Hassan .Afternoon visit the Hoysala temples at Belur and Halebid with your guide. The Hoysala at Halebid ruled over the Mysore plateau in the 12th and 13th centuries and were originally Jain, but in the 11th century the Hoysala Kings returned to Hinduism and marked their temple at Belur is noted for its elaborate attention to detail. Evening return to your hotel which is situated just south of the temple towns and pleasant village style resort in a rural location with lovely gardens and a swimming pool. The rooms are rustic and spacious and the restaurant offers a wide choice.Dinner and overnight at Hotel.

Day 3:Transfer Hassan -Mysore enroute visit Sravanabelagola . Upon arrival check into Hotel.Rest of the day Leisure and overnight at Hotel.

This morning drive south to Mysore visiting enroute Sravanabelagola visit Gomateswara Statue, Silk worm centers & farm, Mulberry Farm etc.Mysore is a city of palaces, gardens, shady avenues and sacred temples and retains so